[Rules] Changelog: cf.worker.upstream_zone in Transform Rules and 4xx/5xx content fetching in Custom Errors (#22960)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/changelog/rules/2025-06-09-custom-errors-fetch-4xx-5xx-assets.mdx

---
title: More flexible fallback handling — Custom Errors now support fetching assets returned with 4xx or 5xx status codes
description: Custom Errors can now fetch and store fallback assets even if the origin returns a 4xx or 5xx status code.
products:
  - rules
date: 2025-06-09T18:00:00Z
---

[Custom Errors](/rules/custom-errors/) can now fetch and store [assets](/rules/custom-errors/create-rules/#create-a-custom-error-asset-dashboard) and [error pages](/rules/custom-errors/#error-pages) from your origin even if they are served with a 4xx or 5xx HTTP status code — previously, only 200 OK responses were allowed.

**What’s new:**

> - You can now upload error pages and error assets that return error status codes (e.g. 403, 500, 502, 503, 504) when fetched

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can now upload error pages and error assets that return error status codes (for example, 403, 500, 502, 503, 504) when fetched.
```

> - These assets are stored and minified at the edge, so they can be reused across multiple Custom Error rules without triggering requests to the origin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- These assets are stored and minified at the edge, so they can be reused across multiple Custom Error rules without triggering requests to the origin.
```
